From    : Sebastian Turner [sturner@bigthorium.com]
Sent    : 7/25/2017 3:47:22 PM
To      : Muhammad Kumar [mkuman@bigthorium.com]
Subject : Update on Power Plant Project

Good morning Muhammad,

I am writing to provide an update on the status of the power plant project. Our team has been working diligently to ensure that all of our quality assurance and quality control procedures are up to date and fully implemented. As you know, this is a critical aspect of our work and we want to make sure that everything is in order before moving forward.

That said, I wanted to touch base with you to see if you had any concerns or questions about these procedures. I value your input and would appreciate any feedback that you may have.

Best regards,
Sebastian Turner
Chemical Engineer
BigThorium Power Plant Project


ISO 8601: 2017-07-27T11:22:30-0500
Date: Thu, 27 Jul 2017 11:22:30 (EST)
From: Muhammad Kumar <mkuman@bigthorium.com>
To: Sebastian Turner <sturner@bigthorium.com>
CC:
Subject: Re: Update on Power Plant Project

Dear Sebastian,

Thank you for your email and for keeping me updated on the progress of the project. As a welder/fitter/fabricator, I am responsible for ensuring that all materials and equipment are properly assembled and installed. I have reviewed the quality assurance and quality control procedures and have no concerns at this time.

However, I would like to suggest that we schedule a meeting with the other members of the team to discuss any potential issues or areas of improvement. This would allow us to work together to ensure that all aspects of the project are being addressed and that we are meeting our objectives in a timely and efficient manner.

Please let me know if this is something that you would be interested in pursuing.

Best regards,
Muhammad Kumar
Welder/Fitter/Fabricator
BigThorium Power Plant Project


ISO 8601: 2017-07-28T13:50:01-0500
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2017 13:50:01 (EST)
From: Sebastian Turner <sturner@bigthorium.com>
To: Muhammad Kumar <mkuman@bigthorium.com>
CC:
Subject: Re: Update on Power Plant Project

Muhammad,

Thank you for your email and your suggestion about scheduling a meeting. I agree that it would be beneficial to meet with the other members of the team to address any potential issues or areas of improvement.

I will coordinate with the other team members to find a time that works for everyone. Once we have a date and time scheduled, I will send out a meeting invitation with an agenda and any materials that we will be discussing.

Again, I appreciate your dedication and commitment to ensuring that all aspects of the project are being addressed.

Best regards,
Sebastian Turner
Chemical Engineer
